# Prebid API Documentation Guide

This guide explains the process for the Prebid team to generate API documentation for the Prebid Mobile SDK using JavaDoc for Android and Doxygen for iOS. Following these steps, you can document the SDK's features, enhancing its usability and integration. The guide provides platform-specific instructions on integrating the generated API documentation into Jekyll.

## Android - JavaDoc

This section will walk you through the steps required to generate comprehensive API documentation for the Prebid Mobile SDK using JavaDoc.

The process involves adding Javadoc comments to your code, generating the documentation using the Javadoc tool, and finally, incorporating the generated documentation into the Jekyll site.

### Step 1: Add Javadoc comments
Ensure that your Java code contains Javadoc comments. These comments start with `/**` and end with `*/`. They typically precede classes, methods, and fields and describe their functionality.

### Step 2: Navigate to your project directory
Open a terminal or command prompt and navigate to the root directory of your project.

### Step 3: Generate Javadoc
Use the javadoc command-line tool provided by the JDK to generate Javadoc documentation. The basic syntax is:

```bash
javadoc [options] [packagenames] [sourcefiles] [@files]
```
For the Prebid Android SDK project, you might use something like:

```bash
javadoc -d docs -sourcepath PrebidMobile-core/src/main/java -subpackages org.prebid.mobile -stylesheetfile custom.css
```
 -   `-d docs`: Specifies the directory where the generated documentation will be saved. You can replace docs with any directory name you prefer.
    
 -   `-sourcepath PrebidMobile-core/src/main/java`: This path specifies the source directory. Adjust it according to your project structure.
    
 -   `-subpackages org.prebid.mobile`: Specifies the package(s) to include in the documentation.
    
 - `-stylesheetfile custom.css`: This option allows you to specify a custom style sheet to customize the appearance of the documentation
   generated by Javadoc.

### Step 4: View the generated documentation

After the Javadoc command completes successfully, navigate to the directory specified by the `-d` option (e.g., `docs`) to view the generated documentation. Open the `index.html` file in a web browser to view the generated Javadoc documentation.

### Step 5: Integrate API documentation into Jekyll

Once you have generated the API documentation using Javadoc, the final step is to integrate it into the Jekyll site.

Copy the directory containing the generated documentation into the root folder of the Prebid mobile documentation site (Jekyll).

Finally, add the API documentation to the navigation menu by hyperlinking the generated documentation's `index.html` file.